Add blog post for 1.18 release interview (#22882)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2020-08-03-kubernetes-1-18-release-interview.md

But people just continue doing their amazing work. There was no delay. There was no hitch throughout the process. So at some point, I just figured we stay with the current timeline and see how we went. And at this point, things are more or less set.

**ADAM GLICK: Amazing power of a distributed team.**

JORGE ALARCÓN: Yeah, definitely.

[LAUGHING]

**ADAM GLICK: [Taylor Dolezal was announced as the 1.19 release lead](https://twitter.com/alejandrox135/status/1239629281766096898). Do you know how that choice was made, and by whom?**

JORGE ALARCÓN: I actually got to choose the lead. The practice is the current lead for the release team is going to look at people and see, first off, who's interested and out of the people interested, who can do the job, who's comfortable enough with the release team, with the Kubernetes community at large who can actually commit the amount of hours throughout the next, hopefully, three months.

> And for one, I think Taylor has been part of my team. So there is the release team. Then the release team has multiple subgroups. One of those subgroups is actually just for me and my shadows. So for this release, it was Mr. Bobby Tables and Taylor. And Taylor volunteered to take over 1.19, and I'm sure that he will do an amazing job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And for one, I think Taylor has been part of my team. So there is the release team. Then the release team has multiple subgroups. One of those subgroups is actually just for me and my shadows. So for this release, it was MrBobbyTables and Taylor. And Taylor volunteered to take over 1.19, and I'm sure that he will do an amazing job.
```
Fixing my handle 😆 
One other potential idea since it mixes both handles and names, link out to the GitHub profiles?
```suggestion
And for one, I think Taylor has been part of my team. So there is the release team. Then the release team has multiple subgroups. One of those subgroups is actually just for me and my shadows. So for this release, it was [MrBobbyTables](https://github.com/mrbobbytables) and [Taylor](https://github.com/onlydole). And Taylor volunteered to take over 1.19, and I'm sure that he will do an amazing job.
```

Author: We don't generally link names that are mentioned, else it would be blue links everywhere; I've fixed the casing to match the GItHub ID.
